Your Excellency is Cao Caoming to meet Lord Zuo
Lord Zuo, you are the deputy inspector of Gangnam Road
That's right, it's this official
I owe this official
Why don't you do it?
I am not expensive, naturally there is a reason why I am not expensive
Bold people
How dare you go against me?
You are not afraid of this official
Eat your sins?
Li Rongfa is my man
You actually let Qi's officers and soldiers arrest him
Also in prison
This official remembers this.
Lord Zuo, what about the grass-roots?
I didn't know Li Rongfa was your man
If only the grass people knew
You wouldn't dare to do that
When did I say that?
Don't talk nonsense here
Don't think you are Jiangnan Daoxing
Meet the new president
I can't help you.
That's the grass-roots people
I heard it wrong, do you have anything else to do?
If there is nothing wrong with the adult
Please come back
Good boy
You are the first to dare to stand in front of my left sword soldier
Such an arrogant person
You see this official undefeated
Should be hit by a board?
Let me see who dares
Only the gold medal granted by the Holy Spirit
It can be seen that a hundred officials are not expensive
death medal
You actually have this
What is your relationship with the current emperor?